HR ADMINISTRATOR/MARKETING ASSOCIATE

HR ADMINISTRATOR       Summary     Dedicated Customer Service Manager with 15+ years of experience in Hospitality and Customer Service Management.   Respected builder and leader of customer-focused teams; strives to instill a shared, enthusiastic commitment to customer service.         Highlights         Focused on customer satisfaction  Team management  Marketing savvy  Conflict resolution techniques     Training and development  Skilled multi-tasker  Client relations specialist           Accomplishments      Missouri DOT Supervisor Training Certification  Certified by IHG in Customer Loyalty and Marketing by Segment   Hilton Worldwide General Manager Training Certification  Accomplished Trainer for cross server hospitality systems such as    Hilton OnQ  ,   Micros    Opera PMS   , Fidelio    OPERA    Reservation System (ORS) ,   Holidex    Completed courses and seminars in customer service, sales strategies, inventory control, loss prevention, safety, time management, leadership and performance assessment.        Experience      HR Administrator/Marketing Associate

HR Administrator     Dec 2013   to   Current      Company Name   －   City  ,   State     Helps to develop policies, directs and coordinates activities such as employment, compensation, labor relations, benefits, training, and employee services.  Prepares employee separation notices and related documentation  Keeps records of benefits plans participation such as insurance and pension plan, personnel transactions such as hires, promotions, transfers, performance reviews, and terminations, and employee statistics for government reporting.  Advises management in appropriate resolution of employee relations issues.  Administers benefits programs such as life, health, dental, insurance, pension plans, vacation, sick leave, leave of absence, and employee assistance.     Marketing Associate     Designed and created marketing collateral for sales meetings, trade shows and company executives.  Managed the in-house advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.  Assisted in the complete design and launch of the company's website in 2 months.  Created an official company page on Facebook to facilitate interaction with customers.  Analyzed ratings and programming features of competitors to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing strategies.         Advanced Medical Claims Analyst     Mar 2012   to   Dec 2013      Company Name   －   City  ,   State     Reviewed medical bills for the accuracy of the treatments, tests, and hospital stays prior to sanctioning the claims.  Trained to interpret the codes (ICD-9, CPT) and terminology commonly used in medical billing to fully understand the paperwork that is submitted by healthcare providers.  Required to have organizational and analytical skills as well as computer skills, knowledge of medical terminology and procedures, statistics, billing standards, data analysis and laws regarding medical billing.         Assistant General Manager     Jun 2010   to   Dec 2010      Company Name   －   City  ,   State     Performed duties including but not limited to, budgeting and financial management, accounting, human resources, payroll and purchasing.  Established and maintained close working relationships with all departments of the hotel to ensure maximum operation, productivity, morale and guest service.  Handled daily operations and reported directly to the corporate office.  Hired and trained staff on overall objectives and goals with an emphasis on high customer service.  Marketing and Advertising, working on public relations with the media, government and local businesses and Chamber of Commerce.         Executive Support / Marketing Assistant     Jul 2007   to   Jun 2010      Company Name   －   City  ,   State     Provided assistance to various department heads - Executive, Marketing, Customer Service, Human Resources.  Managed front-end operations to ensure friendly and efficient transactions.  Ensured the swift resolution of customer issues to preserve customer loyalty while complying with company policies.  Exemplified the second-to-none customer service delivery in all interactions with customers and potential clients.         Reservation & Front Office Manager     Jun 2004   to   Jul 2007      Company Name   －   City  ,   State          Owner/ Partner     Dec 2001   to   May 2004      Company Name   －   City  ,   State          Price Integrity Coordinator     Aug 1999   to   Dec 2001      Company Name   －   City  ,   State          Education      N/A  ,   Business Administration   1999     Jefferson College   －   City  ,   State       Business Administration  Marketing / Advertising         High School Diploma  ,   College Prep. studies   1998     Sainte Genevieve Senior High   －   City  ,   State       Awarded American Shrubel Leadership Scholarship to Jefferson College         Skills     Accounting, ads, advertising, analytical skills, benefits, billing, budgeting, clients, Customer Service, data analysis, delivery, documentation, employee relations, financial management, government relations, Human Resources, insurance, labor relations, layout, Marketing, marketing collateral, medical billing, medical terminology, office, organizational, payroll, performance reviews, personnel, policies, posters, presentations, public relations, purchasing, reporting, statistics, website.    ",1,name_1,emailid1@mail.com,1,https://www.resume.com/resume_1,Manager1
"         HR SPECIALIST, US HR OPERATIONS       Summary     Versatile  media professional with background in Communications, Marketing, Human Resources and Technology.         Experience     09/2015   to   Current     HR Specialist, US HR Operations    Company Name   －   City  ,   State       Managed communication regarding launch of Operations group, policy changes and system outages      Designed standard work and job aids to create comprehensive training program for new employees and contractors         Audited job postings for old, pending, on-hold and draft positions.           Audited union hourly, non-union hourly and salary background checks and drug screens             Conducted monthly new hire benefits briefing to new employees across all business units               Served as a link between HR Managers and vendors by handling questions and resolving system-related issues         Provide real-time process improvement feedback on key metrics and initiatives  Successfully re-branded US HR Operations SharePoint site  Business Unit project manager for RFI/RFP on Background Check and Drug Screen vendor         01/2014   to   05/2015     IT, Marketing and Communications Co-op    Company Name   －   City  ,   State      Posted new articles, changes and updates to corporate SharePoint site including graphics and visual communications.  Researched and drafted articles and feature stories to promote company activities and programs.  Co-edited and developed content for quarterly published newsletter.  Provided communication support for internal and external events.  Collaborated with Communication team, media professionals and vendors to determine program needs for print materials, web design and digital communications.  Entrusted to lead product, service and software launches for Digital Asset Management tool, Marketing Toolkit website and Executive Tradeshows Calendar.  Created presentations for management and executive approval to ensure alignment with corporate guidelines and branding.  Maintained the MySikorsky SharePoint site and provided timely solutions to mitigate issues.      Created story board and produced video for annual IT All Hands meeting.         10/2012   to   01/2014     Relationship Coordinator/Marketing Specialist    Company Name   －   City  ,   State       Partnered with vendor to manage the in-house advertising program consisting of print and media collateral pieces.     Coordinated pre-show and post-show activities at trade shows.     Managed marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales teams.     Ordered marketing collateral for meetings, trade shows and advisors.    Improved, administered and modified marketing programs to increase product awareness.  Assisted in preparing internal promotional publications, managed marketing material inventory and supervised distribution of publications to ensure high quality product output.  Coordinated marketing materials including brochures, promotional materials and products.  Partnered with graphic designers to develop appropriate materials and branding for brochures.  Used tracking and reporting systems for sales leads and appointments.         09/2009   to   10/2012     Assistant Head Teller    Company Name   －   City  ,   State       Received an internal audit score of  100 %.     Performed daily and monthly audits of ATM machines and tellers.     Educated customers on a variety of retail products and available credit options.       Consistently met or exceeded quarterly sales goals     Promoted products and services to
customers while maintaining company brand identity

·    
  Implemented programs to achieve
and exceed customer and company participation goals 

   Organized company sponsored events on campus resulting in increased
brand awareness

·    
  Coached peers on
the proper use of programs to improve work flow efficiency  Utilized product knowledge to successfully sell
to and refer clients based on individual needs  Promoted marketing the grand opening
of new branch locations to strengthen company brand affinity

·       Organized company sponsored events
resulting in increased brand awareness and improved sales

·       Coached peers on the proper use of
programs to increase work flow efficiency